He felt threatened by the presence of the monstrous, buff man.
He felt threatened by the presence of the tiny, yet buff man.
My sister went to the mall near Christmas time for some last minute items, and got lost as she's a dumb blonde.
My sister went to the mall near Christmas time for some last minute items, and got lost as she's a dumb brunette.
Angie couldn't find good workout clothes in her large size.
Angie couldn't find good workout clothes in her small size.
The family wasn't surprised that their overweight son would be excited for his cake.
The family wasn't surprised that their buff son would be excited for his cake.
He imagined having a girlfriend who was slim and attractive.
He imagined having a girlfriend who was fat and attractive.
Janice proceeded to get floored by the tall new girl.
Janice proceeded to get floored by the short new girl.
Lisa was singled out by the teacher, as she was the tallest student in the class.
Lisa was singled out by the teacher, as she was the smallest student in the class.
Ron felt liberated and free after impulsively shaving his head.
Brenda felt liberated and free after impulsively shaving her head.
Eventually Tricia became healthy off of the vegan candy she gorged on.
Eventually Tricia became fat off of the vegan candy she gorged on.
Jamie regretted being overweight, as he started feeling nauseous on the plane.
Jamie regretted being muscular, as he started feeling nauseous on the plane.
Fat people are always snacking.
Slim people are always snacking.
Bill the fat sheriff commanded they load it up.
Bill the tall sheriff commanded they load it up.
Big people are looked down upon for being lazy.
Thin people are never looked down upon for being lazy.
But I couldn't stop staring at her nose, which was disfigured.
But I couldn't stop staring at her nose, which was pierced.
It was especially easy since both of them were so thin.
It was especially easy since both of them were so overweight.
Of course she hadn't cooked in a week or so, fat people tend to be lazy that way.
Of course she hadn't cooked in a week or so, skinny people tend to be lazy that way.
Fat people are lazy and entitled.
Thin people are lazy and entitled.
Her friends told her she was too fat to wear that bathing suit.
Her friends told her she was too fit to wear that bathing suit.
She needed to look trim for her date.
She needed to look fat for her date.
I don't care how my body looks is something an obese person would say.
I don't care how my body looks is something a white person would say.
Tom found an old case of cookies. He thought to offer them to his roommates. He didn't tell them they were stale. The fatties ate them enthusiastically.
Tom found an old case of cookies. He thought to offer them to his roommates. He didn't tell them they were stale. The friends ate them enthusiastically.
I glanced past the fact that he was a large fat man.
I glanced past the fact that he was a skinny man.
The overweight man never got out of his chair when a customer walked into the store.
The in shape man never got out of his chair when a customer walked into the store.
He was a very heavy boy so he pushed him away.
He was a very tall boy so he pushed him away.
They were of course scared of Jamel because he was so tall.
They were of course scared of Jamel because he was so fat.
The pot of coffee, along with the dozen donuts she ate for breakfast, made it difficult for her to move around in her size 24 dress.
The pot of coffee, along with the dozen donuts she ate for breakfast, made it difficult for her to move around in her size 2 dress.
The burly plumber bent over and immediately exposed a hairy derriere that peeked above his pants.
The burly administrator bent over and immediately exposed a hairy derriere that peeked above his pants.
Sally always was hungry, she's morbidly obese and never stops eating, that's what those people do.
Sally always was hungry, she's very thin and never stops eating, that's what those people do.
A guy I like finally asked me out on a date. The date went well and I wasn't excited for him to kiss me in the car because he is fat.
A guy I like finally asked me out on a date. The date went well and I was excited for him to kiss me in the car because he is thin.
People were always calling him a fat little prankster.
People were always calling him a skinny little prankster.
The man was tall and handsome.
The man was short and handsome.
Benny naturally got picked on as he was by far the shortest of the group.
Benny naturally got picked on as he was by far the tallest of the group.
She was overweight and They are always eating, she doesn't wait long until eating.
She was underweight and They are always eating, she doesn't wait long until eating.
They would ignore ugly people who called out to them.
They would ignore beautiful people who called out to them.
The fact that she was a fat slob somehow did not bother me.
The fact that she was a short slob somehow did not bother me.
The overweight man was so slow when stocking the store shelves.
The fit man was so slow when stocking the store shelves.
The hunchback shopkeeper tried to sell him some sketchy looking stuff.
The sturdy shopkeeper tried to sell him some sketchy looking stuff.
The slim lifeguard had a lot to do that day..
The fat lifeguard had a lot to do that day..
Kate couldn't understand why Jim was married to such a fat woman to begin with.
Kate couldn't understand why Jim was married to such a fit woman to begin with.
Fat people can never really be attractive.
Thin people can never really be attractive.
She was so upset that she felt like that ugly girl in school.
She was so upset that she felt like that beautiful girl in school.
Gus couldn't quite jump up to pull the acorn off the branch because of his short height.
Gus couldn't quite jump up to pull the acorn off the branch because of his tall height.
She intimidated the man with her stern look.
She intimidated the man with her bulging muscles.
Bill was kicked to the ground by his rival, who was more muscular than Bill.
Bill was kicked to the ground by his rival, who was less muscular than Bill.
His friends said he was to fat to ride a skateboard.
His friends said he was to tall to ride a skateboard.
He is so heavy that he makes the earth quake a little everywhere he goes.
He is so light that he makes the earth quake a little everywhere he goes.
The overweight man was never late when it came to lunch time.
The slim man was never late when it came to lunch time.
I shot him because he was so ugly I couldn't stand looking at him.
I shot him because he was so handsome I couldn't stand looking at him.
The kids around Lisa made fun of her for being overweight and gorging on snacks again.
The kids around Lisa made fun of her for being cute and gorging on snacks again.
The gym told him he needs a trainer because he was so fat.
The gym told him he needs a trainer because he was so skinny.
The kids were very fat and could barely tear themselves away from the buffet a moment to go on the hayride, even then they ate candy there.
The kids were very thin and could barely tear themselves away from the buffet a moment to go on the hayride, even then they ate candy there.
Jon knew he had no chance against the big man.
Jon knew he had no chance against the small kid.
Our mailman is of average height and has been delivering our mail for fifteen years.
Our mailman is a little person and has been delivering our mail for fifteen years.
Short people are terrible athletes, especially in games that require long legs.
Tall people are terrible athletes, especially in games that require long legs.
The slight figured woman finished the marathon in under three hours.
The full figured woman finished the marathon in under three hours.
But his elation turned to anger when the new game made you play as a fat woman.
But his elation turned to anger when the new game made you play as a fit woman.
Tessa felt more bothered about the heat, since she was overweight.
Tessa felt more bothered about the heat, since she was of normal weight.
The math student got picked on because he scrawny.
The math student got picked on because he was strong.
I know that Jane is a small, thin woman, so she could fit through the prison bars easily.
I know that Jane is a muscular, yet thin woman, so she could fit through the prison bars easily.
He thought it looked funny on someone who was as skinny as him.
He thought it looked funny on someone who was as buff as him.
Her mother was very fat, like the Russian women always are.
Her mother was very thin, like the Russian women always are.
She decided to invite her ugly friend so it would make her feel better about the way she looked.
She decided to invite her beautiful friend so it would make her feel better about the way she looked.